>> David Khourshid: Great.
So I want to quickly talk about just two
other things and
the first thing I want to talk about
is the USync external store hook,
which I really like.
Yeah, so USync external store is one
of those really underrated hooks.
It's one of those hooks that are used
in third party libraries mostly and
only sometimes in real world applications.
Although once you see it and
once you get used to it, which we're going
to practice in this exercise, you're going
to see just how useful it can be and
how it actually reduces the amount
of code that you have to write.
One of the common patterns that we do
with UseState and UseEffect and managing
state with something that is changing
externally is this imperative flow of,
for example, if we're checking if we're
online or not, we had this UseEffect,
which is subscribing to the window
online offline listener.
This example is also in the React docs and
we're setting is online based on
whether the navigator is online or not.
And then we're returning that we're
saying if it's online, show online,
otherwise show offline.
And it's going to work fine, but
there might be potential problems
with this approach, such as race
conditions or hydration mismatches,
which is one of those annoying
errors that you get with Next js,
which is a combination of server-rendered
pages and dealing with the client side.
One of the things that you could do is
actually use the USYncexternal store hook,
and this actually works really
well with browser APIs.
The USYnce external store
hook takes three arguments.
The first one is a way to subscribe
to some external source and so
it takes a callback.
And so you could just, for example,
when it's online or offline,
you could just pass in that callback and
then there is a function for
getting whatever the current
snapshot is according to the client.
And then this one is pretty important and
this one is alone responsible for
just solving a whole
host of hydration errors,
which if you've run into them with
next JS, they are pretty annoying.
But using USync external store allows you
to avoid them by providing a consistent
server snapshot where in this
case we're assuming it's online.
And as long as this stays consistent
between the server and the client, then
it's going to work with USync external
store and, and next JS won't yell at you.
And then of course in this one we're
just returning if it's online or
not, and that's really all there is to it.
To the USync external store hook.